stanley.md, before:

---
title: stanley
layout: page
permalink: /stanley/
---
<h1> stanley </h1>
<ul id="toc">
 <li> <a href="#travel"> Travel</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#where-to-stay"> Where to stay</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#weather"> Weather</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#things-to-do"> Things to do</a> </li>
</ul>
<img src="/assets/img/view_from_lower_stanley.jpg">

<p>
Stanley is a tiny town (pop. 63) nestled at the foot of
Idaho's Sawtooth Mountains and is a mecca for outdoors
adventures.
</p>
<p>
We’re believers that all the best places are a little off the
beaten path, and Stanley is certainly no exception. It’s going
to take a little effort to get there, but we can’t wait to
share this special place with you. Thank you for making the
trek to join us!
</p>

<h2><a class="anchor" name="travel" id="travel"></a>Travel</h2>

<h3>Boise Airport</h3>
There will likely be more flight options into Boise than Sun Valley, but the
drive is longer. Budget three hours for this beautiful drive along the
Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway. The roads are well-maintained but winding. Stop in
at Kirkham Hot Springs just off the road when you’re two hours into the drive
and ready to officially enter vacation mode. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/NbSeASAKaRNdaCmc8">Directions (includes the Hot Springs)</a>.

Alternatively, you can <a href="https://gemairflights.com/middle-fork-round-trip/">take Gem Air for a scenic prop plane flight</a>, which will drop you right in Stanley, just a few minutes walk from our rehearsal party site at Pioneer Park. It's usually $190 per person each way, but you'll need to reach out to confirm availability.

<h3>Sun Valley (Friedman Memorial Airport)</h3>

Plan for the drive to take a little over an hour. You’ll take Highway 75
through the Sawtooth National Forest and along stunning views of the Sawtooth
Mountains. Look out for pronghorn antelope, mountain goats and sandhill cranes.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/r7sHLQZAxTxUJtHA8">Directions</a>.

From either airport, we recommend that you avoid driving at night. There is
beautiful scenery you won’t want to miss, and the combination of windy dark
roads and wildlife can be dangerous. If you land in Sun Valley or Boise Friday
evening, you might want to spend the night there and drive in the morning.

<h3>Carpooling</h3>
Once you're in Stanley, all events except the Saturday daytime activities at Redfish Lake
will be walkable from downtown Stanley, or we'll provide a shuttle. If you want to carpool
from either airport to and from Stanley, <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hy1C855XqIJmze7v1AY5gXepYEa5bNNv6iTHWWC0ah4/edit?usp=sharing">you can use this spreadsheet to coordinate rides with other guests</a>.

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="where-to-stay" id="where-to-stay"></a>Where to stay </h2>
Book early! Stanley is a very popular summer destination, and we expect that to be especially the case for Labor Day Weekend in 2021. Several places are already full, so book fast if you don’t want to wind up in a tent!

Read our guide below or use this <a href="https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1_B3vhMWHFdH3K45NLqSttNAF5bBIlxmC&usp=sharing">interactive map</a> to pick a spot.

<h3><a name="mountain-village" id="mountain village"   href="https://www.mountainvillage.com/">Mountain Village Resort</a></h3>
<em>Update: Several rooms left.</em> Basic, affordable hotel in town that comes with one major perk: access to amazing natural hot springs! This resort also offers a full refund for cancellations with at least 7 days notice. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/fLcVFE9DBhbirCDm9">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="lower-stanley-cabins" id="lower-stanley-cabins"> Lower Stanley Cabins</a></h3>
<p>
<em>Update: A few rooms and cabins available.</em> There are two fairly rustic cabin options in Lower Stanley, just about 1.5 miles from Stanley. This is close but not walkable like most of the options. These cabins are affordable options set right along the river with stunning mountain views. There are a variety of cabin options.
<ul>
<li> <a href="https://www.lowerstanley.com/">Lower Stanley Country Store and Motel</a>, <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/DMxDz9cfYKyqaKb27">Google maps</a> </li>
<li><a href="https://www.redwood-stanley.com/">Redwood Cabins</a>, <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/PSPUuvNNGeWZo5pX9">Google maps</a></li>
</ul>

<h3><a name="stanley-high-country-inn" id="stanley-high-country-inn"   href="https://stanleyinn.com/">Stanley High Country Inn</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> A popular hotel in town with basic but comfortable rooms and log cabin decor. This hotel is part of the Redfish Resort and includes a complimentary shuttle to Redfish Lake. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/79nR3iK61rJreeH37">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="danners-log-cabins" id="danners-log-cabins"   href="http://www.dannerslogcabins.com/">Danner’s Log Cabins</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em>  These simple but cozy cabins began as one of Idaho's first Ranger Stations back in the late 1800's.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/8UMjmGxC9DDrEv5F7">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="idaho-rocky-mountain-ranch" id="idaho-rocky-mountain-ranch"   href="https://idahorocky.com/">Idaho Rocky Mountain Ranch</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> If you're looking for a really special experience, look no further. This is a luxury guest ranch with great food on site (it's all inclusive). This is the furthest away of the options we recommend, but still only a 15-minute drive from Stanley and the wedding venue.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/QKUSR5TcyHyfjoCd6">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="stanley-town-square" id="stanley-town-square"   href="https://www.stanleytownsquare.com/">Stanley Town Square Condo Hotel</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> These are probably the nicest accommodations in town. Most are suites with multiple rooms that have been updated with kitchens and upscale but homey decor. If you're a family or friends wanting to share and aren’t interested in roughing it, book here!
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/pdJ3k6gyYd9kPmYS8">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="meadow-creek-inn" id="meadow-creek-inn"   href="https://meadowcreekinn.com/">Meadow Creek Inn and Spa</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Cute and modern tiny homes. <a href="https://www.google.com/maps?cid=4548671335968250056">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="sawtooth-hotel" id="sawtooth-hotel"   href="https://sawtoothhotel.com/">Sawtooth Hotel</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Funky little hotel with old country decor right above the best restaurant in town. Note that some rooms have shared bathrooms. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/cLRjQ67h5Ct7HS6ZA">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="triangle-c-cabins" id="triangle-c-cabins"  href="https://triangleccabins.com/">Triangle C Cabins</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> These standalone cabins are cozy, a little rustic and very popular. Enjoy the firepit in the evenings and volleyball, bocce and other games on-site. Expect this site to be packed with other wedding guests. As part of Redfish Resort, free shuttles to stunning Redfish Lake are a perk of staying here.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/YVABhYiVvP3xZc6U8">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="redfish-riverside-inn" id="redfish-riverside-inn"   href="https://redfishriversideinn.com/">Redfish Riverside Inn</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Comfortable rooms along the river with log cabin decor. Stay here if you want to wake up next to the river and be within sight of our wedding venue. As part of the Redfish Resort, free shuttles to the Redfish Lake are a perk of staying here.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/cvh4Y12n9yPcxkpTA">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="redfish-lake-lodge" id="redfish-lake-lodge"   href="https://redfishlake.com/">Redfish Lake Lodge</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Set next to crystal clear Redfish Lake and with stunning Sawtooth Mountain views, this resort is the most popular spot in the area. If you can find a room, snag it. It’s about a 10-minute drive from Stanley and the wedding venue. Whether or not you stay here, we recommend visiting Redfish Lake during your stay. If you stay at Triangle C Cabins or the Redfish Riverside Inn, there are free shuttles to the Lake.
<a href="https://g.page/redfish-lake-lodge?share">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="rental-houses" id="rental-houses"> Rental houses</a></h3>
<em>Update: One 3-bedroom house <a href="https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34226187?check_in=2021-09-03&check_out=2021-09-06&guests=1&adults=1&s=67&unique_share_id=0537a812-46a7-4724-8de2-257277c39e3a">available on Airbnb.</a></em> There are a few nice larger homes for groups available through <a href="http://www.sawtoothvista.com/">Sawtooth Vista</a>. (Note that they don't allow booking less than 5 nights until after April 1). There are also a handful of good options on <a href="https://www.airbnb.com/">Airbnb</a> and <a href="https://www.vrbo.com/">VRBO</a> and comfortable suites with kitchens available through <a href="http://stanleyvacationrentals.com/">Stanley Vacation Rentals</a>.

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="weather" id="weather"></a>Weather </h2>
<p>
Fun fact: Stanley is the coldest place in the continental United States, as measured by low temperature at night. You’re probably thinking that’s not so fun since you’ve been invited to an outdoor wedding. Don’t worry! The weather will be gorgeous during the day, cool in the evening, and only cold around 9PM and on. For the wedding reception, we’ll be in an indoor heated tent and barn when it’s cold. On the Friday and Saturday events, we’ll gather around cozy fires and patio heaters with blankets, but definitely wear a coat!
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://weatherspark.com/d/145462/9/5/Average-Weather-on-September-5-at-Stanley-Stanley-Ranger-Station;-Idaho;-United-States">Find detailed weather info here.</a>
</p>

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="things-to-do" id="things-to-do"></a>Things to do </h2>
<p>
There is so much to do in the Sawtooth Mountains, we highly recommend that you consider extending our wedding weekend into a vacation. Here are some ideas to help you plan!
</p>

<h3>Hiking</h3>
<img src="/assets/img/creek.png">
<ul>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/backpacking/backpack-to-sawtooth-lake">Sawtooth Lakes</a> (10 miles, 1873 ft elevation gain) can also be done as an overnight if you want to camp. <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/sawtooth-lake--2">AllTrails guide </a>
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/hiking/hike-fishhook-creek">Fishhook Creek</a> (5 miles, 300 ft elevation gain) is the most approachable and family-friendly of the top hikes in the Sawtooths. This has impressive views for much less effort.
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/bench-lakes-trail">Bench Lakes Trail</a> (7.8 miles, 1240 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/stanley-lake-to-bridalveil-falls-trail">Stanley Lake to Bridalveil Falls</a> (7.3 miles, 498 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/backpacking/hike-to-thompson-peak">Thompson Peak Summit</a> (13 miles, 4200 ft elevation gain) is the tallest peak in the Sawtooths. This one's for you if you like to bag peaks like a Hewitt! <a href="https://thebigoutside.com/roof-of-idahos-sawtooths-hiking-thompson-peak/">Hike write-up</a>
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/redfish-lake-to-alpine-lake">Redfish Lake to Alpine Lake</a> (18.6 miles, 2011 ft elevation gain) involves a ferry and can be done as an overnight or ambitious day hike.
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/alice-lake-twin-lake-edith-lake-loop">Alice Lake: Twin Lake and Edith Lake Loop</a> (21.3 miles, 4179 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://sawtoothguides.com/hiking-backpacking/">Sawtooth Mountain Guides</a> offer guided backpacking trips as well as a portered trip.
  </li>
</ul>

Some <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/parks/us/idaho/sawtooth-national-forest?ref=header">more</a> <a href="https://idahorocky.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SNRA-Day-Hikes.pdf">hiking</a> <a href="https://www.hikingproject.com/directory/8011473/sawtooth-national-recreation-area">resources</a>.

<h3>Biking</h3>

<img src="/assets/img/mtb.jpg">

<p>
There are awesome mountain biking trails near Stanley. <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/5893349/fisher-creek-loop">Fisher
Creek Loop</a> and <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7028598/elk-mountain-loop">Elk
Mountain Loop</a> are two great less technical (intermediate)
options, and <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7008401/dry-creek-road-630">Dry
Creek Road</a> is a good beginner option. <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7011749/potato-mountain-ride">Potato
Mountain</a> is a great advanced option. You can find more mtb info at <a href="https://stanleycc.org/Blogs/ArticleID/480/mountainbiking">An Insider's Guide to the Mountain Biking in Stanley, Idaho: Some of the Best Riding in the West</a> and <a href="https://www.mtbproject.com/directory/8011473/sawtooth-national-recreation-area">MTB Project</a>.
</p>

<p>
If you’d really like to turn your time out west into an
adventure, consider the <a href="https://www.adventurecycling.org/routes-and-maps/adventure-cycling-route-network/idaho-hot-springs-mountain-bike-route/">Idaho Hot Springs Mountain Bike Route</a>.
We’ve had this on our list since the route was published, and
a friend completed and highly recommended it. It’s more gravel
and 4WD roads than technical mountain biking, though there are
singletrack options.
</p>

<p>
Bike rentals are available through <a href="">River wear</a> or <a href="">Sawtooth Adventure at the Adventure Hut</a> at Redfish Lodge, which also offers <a href="">guided mountain bike rides</a>.
<h3>Whitewater rafting</h3>
Stanley sits at the headwaters of the Salmon River providing
access to world-class rapids. There are popular
family-friendly options for day trips on rafts or kayaks all
the way up to six day trips with Class IV rapids through
stunning backcountry. Find river guides <a href="https://stanleycc.org/Do/River-Rafting">here</a>.

<h3>Redfish lake</h3>
<img src="/assets/img/redfish.png">
If whitewater sounds a little too adventurous, there are
plenty of other water activities available at <a
href="https://redfishlake.com/marina/">Redfish Marina</a>:
stand up paddleboards (and a 7 person SUP?!), kayaks, canoes,
pontoon boats, and boat tours.

<h3>Hot Springs</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<a href="https://www.mountainvillage.com/hot-springs/">Mountain Village Hot Springs</a> is right in Stanley, and requires reservations.
<img src="/assets/img/hot_tub.png">
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.outdoorproject.com/united-states/idaho/boat-box-hot-spring">Boat Box aka the Cauldron</a> is just down the road along the Salmon River.
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.outdoorproject.com/united-states/idaho/sunbeam-hot-springs">Sunbeam Hot Springs</a> is also just down the road and has lots of space for lots of people.
<img src="/assets/img/salmon_hot_springs.png">
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/chillin/soak-in-kirkham-hot-springs">Kirkham Hot Springs</a> and <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/chillin/soak-in-pine-flats-hot-springs">Pine Flats Hot Springs</a> are both relaxing stops along the drive from Boise to Stanley.
<img src="/assets/img/hot_springs.png">
</li>
</ul>

<h3>Sun Valley</h3>
If you’ve never been, consider spending a few days in Ketchum
on either end of the wedding. It’s a classy Western resort
town with plenty of vacation-worthy lodges, hotels and
restaurants.

Commit message:

added note about losing cell service on drive from Boise

stanley.md, after:

---
title: stanley
layout: page
permalink: /stanley/
---
<h1> stanley </h1>
<ul id="toc">
 <li> <a href="#travel"> Travel</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#where-to-stay"> Where to stay</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#weather"> Weather</a> </li>
 <li> <a href="#things-to-do"> Things to do</a> </li>
</ul>
<img src="/assets/img/view_from_lower_stanley.jpg">

<p>
Stanley is a tiny town (pop. 63) nestled at the foot of
Idaho's Sawtooth Mountains and is a mecca for outdoors
adventures.
</p>
<p>
We’re believers that all the best places are a little off the
beaten path, and Stanley is certainly no exception. It’s going
to take a little effort to get there, but we can’t wait to
share this special place with you. Thank you for making the
trek to join us!
</p>

<h2><a class="anchor" name="travel" id="travel"></a>Travel</h2>

<h3>Boise Airport</h3>
There will likely be more flight options into Boise than Sun Valley, but the
drive is longer. Budget three hours for this beautiful drive along the
Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway. The roads are well-maintained but winding, and you will lose cell service shortly after leaving Boise. Stop in at Kirkham Hot Springs just off the road when you’re two hours into the drive and ready to officially enter vacation mode. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/NbSeASAKaRNdaCmc8">Directions (includes the Hot Springs)</a>.

Alternatively, you can <a href="https://gemairflights.com/middle-fork-round-trip/">take Gem Air for a scenic prop plane flight</a>, which will drop you right in Stanley, just a few minutes walk from our rehearsal party site at Pioneer Park. It's usually $190 per person each way, but you'll need to reach out to confirm availability.

<h3>Sun Valley (Friedman Memorial Airport)</h3>

Plan for the drive to take a little over an hour. You’ll take Highway 75
through the Sawtooth National Forest and along stunning views of the Sawtooth
Mountains. Look out for pronghorn antelope, mountain goats and sandhill cranes.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/r7sHLQZAxTxUJtHA8">Directions</a>.

From either airport, we recommend that you avoid driving at night. There is
beautiful scenery you won’t want to miss, and the combination of windy dark
roads and wildlife can be dangerous. If you land in Sun Valley or Boise Friday
evening, you might want to spend the night there and drive in the morning.

<h3>Carpooling</h3>
Once you're in Stanley, all events except the Saturday daytime activities at Redfish Lake
will be walkable from downtown Stanley, or we'll provide a shuttle. If you want to carpool
from either airport to and from Stanley, <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hy1C855XqIJmze7v1AY5gXepYEa5bNNv6iTHWWC0ah4/edit?usp=sharing">you can use this spreadsheet to coordinate rides with other guests</a>.

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="where-to-stay" id="where-to-stay"></a>Where to stay </h2>
Book early! Stanley is a very popular summer destination, and we expect that to be especially the case for Labor Day Weekend in 2021. Several places are already full, so book fast if you don’t want to wind up in a tent!

Read our guide below or use this <a href="https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/edit?mid=1_B3vhMWHFdH3K45NLqSttNAF5bBIlxmC&usp=sharing">interactive map</a> to pick a spot.

<h3><a name="mountain-village" id="mountain village"   href="https://www.mountainvillage.com/">Mountain Village Resort</a></h3>
<em>Update: Several rooms left.</em> Basic, affordable hotel in town that comes with one major perk: access to amazing natural hot springs! This resort also offers a full refund for cancellations with at least 7 days notice. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/fLcVFE9DBhbirCDm9">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="lower-stanley-cabins" id="lower-stanley-cabins"> Lower Stanley Cabins</a></h3>
<p>
<em>Update: A few rooms and cabins available.</em> There are two fairly rustic cabin options in Lower Stanley, just about 1.5 miles from Stanley. This is close but not walkable like most of the options. These cabins are affordable options set right along the river with stunning mountain views. There are a variety of cabin options.
<ul>
<li> <a href="https://www.lowerstanley.com/">Lower Stanley Country Store and Motel</a>, <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/DMxDz9cfYKyqaKb27">Google maps</a> </li>
<li><a href="https://www.redwood-stanley.com/">Redwood Cabins</a>, <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/PSPUuvNNGeWZo5pX9">Google maps</a></li>
</ul>

<h3><a name="stanley-high-country-inn" id="stanley-high-country-inn"   href="https://stanleyinn.com/">Stanley High Country Inn</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> A popular hotel in town with basic but comfortable rooms and log cabin decor. This hotel is part of the Redfish Resort and includes a complimentary shuttle to Redfish Lake. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/79nR3iK61rJreeH37">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="danners-log-cabins" id="danners-log-cabins"   href="http://www.dannerslogcabins.com/">Danner’s Log Cabins</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em>  These simple but cozy cabins began as one of Idaho's first Ranger Stations back in the late 1800's.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/8UMjmGxC9DDrEv5F7">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="idaho-rocky-mountain-ranch" id="idaho-rocky-mountain-ranch"   href="https://idahorocky.com/">Idaho Rocky Mountain Ranch</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> If you're looking for a really special experience, look no further. This is a luxury guest ranch with great food on site (it's all inclusive). This is the furthest away of the options we recommend, but still only a 15-minute drive from Stanley and the wedding venue.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/QKUSR5TcyHyfjoCd6">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="stanley-town-square" id="stanley-town-square"   href="https://www.stanleytownsquare.com/">Stanley Town Square Condo Hotel</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> These are probably the nicest accommodations in town. Most are suites with multiple rooms that have been updated with kitchens and upscale but homey decor. If you're a family or friends wanting to share and aren’t interested in roughing it, book here!
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/pdJ3k6gyYd9kPmYS8">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="meadow-creek-inn" id="meadow-creek-inn"   href="https://meadowcreekinn.com/">Meadow Creek Inn and Spa</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Cute and modern tiny homes. <a href="https://www.google.com/maps?cid=4548671335968250056">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="sawtooth-hotel" id="sawtooth-hotel"   href="https://sawtoothhotel.com/">Sawtooth Hotel</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Funky little hotel with old country decor right above the best restaurant in town. Note that some rooms have shared bathrooms. <a href="https://goo.gl/maps/cLRjQ67h5Ct7HS6ZA">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="triangle-c-cabins" id="triangle-c-cabins"  href="https://triangleccabins.com/">Triangle C Cabins</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> These standalone cabins are cozy, a little rustic and very popular. Enjoy the firepit in the evenings and volleyball, bocce and other games on-site. Expect this site to be packed with other wedding guests. As part of Redfish Resort, free shuttles to stunning Redfish Lake are a perk of staying here.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/YVABhYiVvP3xZc6U8">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="redfish-riverside-inn" id="redfish-riverside-inn"   href="https://redfishriversideinn.com/">Redfish Riverside Inn</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Comfortable rooms along the river with log cabin decor. Stay here if you want to wake up next to the river and be within sight of our wedding venue. As part of the Redfish Resort, free shuttles to the Redfish Lake are a perk of staying here.
<a href="https://goo.gl/maps/cvh4Y12n9yPcxkpTA">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="redfish-lake-lodge" id="redfish-lake-lodge"   href="https://redfishlake.com/">Redfish Lake Lodge</a></h3>
<em>Update: Fully booked.</em> Set next to crystal clear Redfish Lake and with stunning Sawtooth Mountain views, this resort is the most popular spot in the area. If you can find a room, snag it. It’s about a 10-minute drive from Stanley and the wedding venue. Whether or not you stay here, we recommend visiting Redfish Lake during your stay. If you stay at Triangle C Cabins or the Redfish Riverside Inn, there are free shuttles to the Lake.
<a href="https://g.page/redfish-lake-lodge?share">Google maps</a>

<h3><a name="rental-houses" id="rental-houses"> Rental houses</a></h3>
<em>Update: One 3-bedroom house <a href="https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/34226187?check_in=2021-09-03&check_out=2021-09-06&guests=1&adults=1&s=67&unique_share_id=0537a812-46a7-4724-8de2-257277c39e3a">available on Airbnb.</a></em> There are a few nice larger homes for groups available through <a href="http://www.sawtoothvista.com/">Sawtooth Vista</a>. (Note that they don't allow booking less than 5 nights until after April 1). There are also a handful of good options on <a href="https://www.airbnb.com/">Airbnb</a> and <a href="https://www.vrbo.com/">VRBO</a> and comfortable suites with kitchens available through <a href="http://stanleyvacationrentals.com/">Stanley Vacation Rentals</a>.

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="weather" id="weather"></a>Weather </h2>
<p>
Fun fact: Stanley is the coldest place in the continental United States, as measured by low temperature at night. You’re probably thinking that’s not so fun since you’ve been invited to an outdoor wedding. Don’t worry! The weather will be gorgeous during the day, cool in the evening, and only cold around 9PM and on. For the wedding reception, we’ll be in an indoor heated tent and barn when it’s cold. On the Friday and Saturday events, we’ll gather around cozy fires and patio heaters with blankets, but definitely wear a coat!
</p>

<p>
<a href="https://weatherspark.com/d/145462/9/5/Average-Weather-on-September-5-at-Stanley-Stanley-Ranger-Station;-Idaho;-United-States">Find detailed weather info here.</a>
</p>

<h2> <a class="anchor" name="things-to-do" id="things-to-do"></a>Things to do </h2>
<p>
There is so much to do in the Sawtooth Mountains, we highly recommend that you consider extending our wedding weekend into a vacation. Here are some ideas to help you plan!
</p>

<h3>Hiking</h3>
<img src="/assets/img/creek.png">
<ul>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/backpacking/backpack-to-sawtooth-lake">Sawtooth Lakes</a> (10 miles, 1873 ft elevation gain) can also be done as an overnight if you want to camp. <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/sawtooth-lake--2">AllTrails guide </a>
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/hiking/hike-fishhook-creek">Fishhook Creek</a> (5 miles, 300 ft elevation gain) is the most approachable and family-friendly of the top hikes in the Sawtooths. This has impressive views for much less effort.
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/bench-lakes-trail">Bench Lakes Trail</a> (7.8 miles, 1240 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/stanley-lake-to-bridalveil-falls-trail">Stanley Lake to Bridalveil Falls</a> (7.3 miles, 498 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/backpacking/hike-to-thompson-peak">Thompson Peak Summit</a> (13 miles, 4200 ft elevation gain) is the tallest peak in the Sawtooths. This one's for you if you like to bag peaks like a Hewitt! <a href="https://thebigoutside.com/roof-of-idahos-sawtooths-hiking-thompson-peak/">Hike write-up</a>
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/redfish-lake-to-alpine-lake">Redfish Lake to Alpine Lake</a> (18.6 miles, 2011 ft elevation gain) involves a ferry and can be done as an overnight or ambitious day hike.
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/trail/us/idaho/alice-lake-twin-lake-edith-lake-loop">Alice Lake: Twin Lake and Edith Lake Loop</a> (21.3 miles, 4179 ft elevation gain)
  </li>
  <li>
  <a href="https://sawtoothguides.com/hiking-backpacking/">Sawtooth Mountain Guides</a> offer guided backpacking trips as well as a portered trip.
  </li>
</ul>

Some <a href="https://www.alltrails.com/parks/us/idaho/sawtooth-national-forest?ref=header">more</a> <a href="https://idahorocky.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/SNRA-Day-Hikes.pdf">hiking</a> <a href="https://www.hikingproject.com/directory/8011473/sawtooth-national-recreation-area">resources</a>.

<h3>Biking</h3>

<img src="/assets/img/mtb.jpg">

<p>
There are awesome mountain biking trails near Stanley. <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/5893349/fisher-creek-loop">Fisher
Creek Loop</a> and <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7028598/elk-mountain-loop">Elk
Mountain Loop</a> are two great less technical (intermediate)
options, and <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7008401/dry-creek-road-630">Dry
Creek Road</a> is a good beginner option. <a
href="https://www.mtbproject.com/trail/7011749/potato-mountain-ride">Potato
Mountain</a> is a great advanced option. You can find more mtb info at <a href="https://stanleycc.org/Blogs/ArticleID/480/mountainbiking">An Insider's Guide to the Mountain Biking in Stanley, Idaho: Some of the Best Riding in the West</a> and <a href="https://www.mtbproject.com/directory/8011473/sawtooth-national-recreation-area">MTB Project</a>.
</p>

<p>
If you’d really like to turn your time out west into an
adventure, consider the <a href="https://www.adventurecycling.org/routes-and-maps/adventure-cycling-route-network/idaho-hot-springs-mountain-bike-route/">Idaho Hot Springs Mountain Bike Route</a>.
We’ve had this on our list since the route was published, and
a friend completed and highly recommended it. It’s more gravel
and 4WD roads than technical mountain biking, though there are
singletrack options.
</p>

<p>
Bike rentals are available through <a href="">River wear</a> or <a href="">Sawtooth Adventure at the Adventure Hut</a> at Redfish Lodge, which also offers <a href="">guided mountain bike rides</a>.
<h3>Whitewater rafting</h3>
Stanley sits at the headwaters of the Salmon River providing
access to world-class rapids. There are popular
family-friendly options for day trips on rafts or kayaks all
the way up to six day trips with Class IV rapids through
stunning backcountry. Find river guides <a href="https://stanleycc.org/Do/River-Rafting">here</a>.

<h3>Redfish lake</h3>
<img src="/assets/img/redfish.png">
If whitewater sounds a little too adventurous, there are
plenty of other water activities available at <a
href="https://redfishlake.com/marina/">Redfish Marina</a>:
stand up paddleboards (and a 7 person SUP?!), kayaks, canoes,
pontoon boats, and boat tours.

<h3>Hot Springs</h3>
<ul>
<li>
<a href="https://www.mountainvillage.com/hot-springs/">Mountain Village Hot Springs</a> is right in Stanley, and requires reservations.
<img src="/assets/img/hot_tub.png">
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.outdoorproject.com/united-states/idaho/boat-box-hot-spring">Boat Box aka the Cauldron</a> is just down the road along the Salmon River.
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.outdoorproject.com/united-states/idaho/sunbeam-hot-springs">Sunbeam Hot Springs</a> is also just down the road and has lots of space for lots of people.
<img src="/assets/img/salmon_hot_springs.png">
</li>
<li>
<a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/chillin/soak-in-kirkham-hot-springs">Kirkham Hot Springs</a> and <a href="https://www.theoutbound.com/idaho/chillin/soak-in-pine-flats-hot-springs">Pine Flats Hot Springs</a> are both relaxing stops along the drive from Boise to Stanley.
<img src="/assets/img/hot_springs.png">
</li>
</ul>

<h3>Sun Valley</h3>
If you’ve never been, consider spending a few days in Ketchum
on either end of the wedding. It’s a classy Western resort
town with plenty of vacation-worthy lodges, hotels and
restaurants.
